Recursion:

Questions:

Question1.What is potential consequence of not including a base case in a recursive function?
Defining a base case in recursive functions is crucial because it determines when the recursion should stop. 
Without a base case, the function would continue calling itself indefinitely, 
leading to stack overflow errors and an infinite loop.

Question2.What does memoization allow you to avoid?
In computing, memoization is used to speed up computer programs by eliminating the repetitive computation of results, 
and by avoiding repeated calls to functions that process the same input.

Question3.What are the steps to writing a recursive function?
1. Create a regular function with a base case that can be reached with its parameters.
2. Pass arguments into the function that immediately trigger the base case.
3. Pass the next arguments that trigger the recursive call just once.



Linked Lists: 

Questions:

1.Why would we use a Linked List instead of an array?
Arrays are best suited for situations where the size of the collection is known in advance 
and where elements need to be accessed or manipulated quickly. 
Linked lists are more flexible and adaptable and are best suited for situations where the size of the collection is not known.

2.When we want to add a node to a linked list, do we have to scoot over the subsequent nodes (like we do for arrays)?
Unlike arrays, we cannot access any elements in a linked list directly. We must traverse from the head node to the last node.

3.Can we do index access like we can with arrays with linked lists?
No.The elements are not indexed, so random access like an array is not possible.




Testing:
Questions: 

1.Why do we create tests?Nobody wants to find bugs in their application, especially not customers. 
This is why testing is a necessary step in the software development lifecycle (SDLC). 
It ensures that your application looks and functions as expected, maintaining customer satisfaction.  

2.What is automated testing?
Automated testing is the implementation of an automation tool to execute test cases.  
This is well-suited for projects that are large or require testing to be repeated multiple times. 
It also could be applied to projects that already have been through an initial manual testing process.  

3.What is TDD?
In layman’s terms, Test Driven Development (TDD) is a software development practice that 
focuses on creating unit test cases before developing the actual code. 
It is an iterative approach combining programming, unit test creation, and refactoring.